# Make the Product, Technology and Innovation Conference 2018 yours!

Deutsche Börse Group’s third Product, Technology and Innovation Conference 2018 is less than X days away. The following information would help you make the most of your participation. 

https://deutsche-boerse.github.io/pti2018/

The first day starts with the opening speech by Andreas Preuss followed by a keynote speech from Luka Mucic, Member of the Executive Board and Chief Financial Officer of SAP, giving a CFO perspective on managing digital transformation. Further keynote speakers on this day include veteran high-tech investor William Raduchel as well as Director Google Cloud Michael Korbacher. In addition, there will be spotlight presentations from each product team. And some exciting fintech companies will show how they work together and fit into Deutsche Börse Group’s technical landscape. Lee Atchison, Senior Director of Strategic Architecture at New Relic and author of “Architecting for scale” will talk about how to “Move fast with confidence” as well as the findings explained in his book. Furthermore learn from Slack about collaboration. In the evening everyone is invited to exchange views and experiences at a social event in the Cube.

The opening speech on the second day is followed by an executive roundtable discussing how changing processes can increase customer responsiveness and agility. Afterwards hear from leading software and technology companies about start-ups, cloud, AI and security. Another prominent guest on the second day is Miju Han, Director of Product, Data at GitHub giving a keynote on “How the future of software has to be different”. In the afternoon learn from GitHub about “DevOps at GitHub speed”. The second keynote speech will be held by Anthony Rose, founder and CEO of SeedLegals, explaining how to think like a start-up inside a big organisation. In a second speech he will show how to massively speed up your product development and reduce the cost and risk of validating new ideas before you build them. Participating again this year, Damian Borth, Director of Deep Learning Competence Center at DFKI will talk about “Anomaly detection with deep autoencoder.” We will wrap up this day and the whole conference with a get-together at the art gallery at 17:00.

As a first this year, we are offering two interactive “dojos” for coding and product management. Everyone can participate in “Intro to programming” and learn how to program. Further coding workshops include frontend testing using plain English, Java 9, Kubernetes and blockchain. Google Cloud Platform will introduce you to different cloud platform concepts which you can then try out yourself in labs. In addition participate in “From zero to MVP” and build your own product. A separate schedule will be published shortly.

The conference is a unique opportunity to find out about new products, innovations and initiatives within the Group. If you have not done yet – register [here](https://www.events.deutsche-boerse.com/pticonference2018/home).

For questions please contact Thomas Curran. 
